What kind of bad stories?
You were his classmate
Don't you know?
That he played rough back then?
Did they say bad things
about me too?
That's only for us to know
Every show needs some
human drama
Two friends meet in the ringside
One man is a manager
at a big corporation
who sent his kids abroad
for good education and lives alone
If you win. we'll make you
the idol of office workers
Ms. Hong
Do you know how many news media
I'm in charge of?
If I go on that show. they'll
take me for a joke
How can I control them afterward?
I'm sorry that you had to come
all the way here
You're in charge of PR
So you must know your basics?
That our XTM channel is
owned by Minjoo Daily
I know
My boss is from Minjoo Daily
My boss called the chief editor there
this morning
He said he knows you well
That you two met recently
Shit
I heard you turned it down
What do you mean?
Going on the Legendary Fighter show
1.102
I call a direct call from Minjoo Daily
If you go on the show.
they'll make my bar incident go away forever
Is that show popular?
Sang-hoon
da
Just this once
If you can handle a brief embarrassing
moment. our company can thrive
We're 43
You're about to take off
You have to get your promotion
You'll go. right?
Shit
There goes my $20 million again
Answer me
Okay. sir
I've always wanted to see you
fight Lim Deok-kyu
Back in the day. you two almost did
and never actually did
Can you win against Deok-kyu?
Kang-kuk. Sa mergem
Let me drink some water
Shit
imi pare rau
Are you okay?
Come out
I'll clean up
You're going to be late for the taping
Let's clean later
We can't leave it like this
I told you to stay out of the kitchen
Isn't breaking something
a bad omen?
Thanks for the encouragement
We're closed today
We're closed
Domnule Lim
Soo-bin
What happened to you?
Nu-i asa?
Ce s-a antamplat?
Tell me
Soo-bin
Oh no
Are you okay?
You'll be okay
What should I do?
It's okay
It's okay. baby
Soo-bin
Oh no
Soo-bin. Tell us what happened
so we can help you
Soo-bin. It's okay
Tell us everything
It's okay
Why can't you talk to us?
You're just like your mom
After all that. she came here
To her dad
Ce s-a antamplat?
You're Soo-bin's friend. right?
Is Soo-bin okay?
Are you Soo-bin's friend?
I'm Soo-bin's dad
What happened to Soo-bin?
I know who did that to Soo-bin
- Where?
- Over there
There?
Move. move. move
Asshole
Stop acting up
It's the Legendary Fighter
You really brought him here
You kick ass
I'll love you forever
1.160
I gave my best acting face
Cine e?
Who did that to Soo-bin?
Hei
Look at his acting face
Look at that face
It's a piece of art
Ai facut-o?
Why would I pick on a girl?
The girls probably
went at it in school
Ai facut-o?
She's like brittle noodles
There's no fun in punching her
I know
One man against many is cowardly
I know Soo-bin has a temper
and beat up some girls
But how can you do that
to a girl's body?
What did he just say?
Lim Soo-bin beating up kids?
HEY
She didn't hit anybody
She's an outcast
The outcast of our class
Is she his real daughter?
1.180
Lim Soo-bin
Loser
She acts so snooty
because she can draw a little
That's why she gets beat up
Understand?
The reason I called you here is
because I want to fight you
I'm going to be on the show
after 20 years
Asa de
you made her an outcast
Wasn't that enough?
De ce?
Be quiet. old man
Listen to me first
I'll start from the beginning
I'm going to be on the show
in 20 years
I want to be introduced as the
guy who fought you
Will the show still be on air?
Hey. He's number one
in the internet fight community
Fight him
He's pretty good
Stop this. GUYS
What do you mean?
A master challenging
another master
Isn't that a beautiful Asian tradition?
If you win against me.
I'll make sure that
no one touches your daughter
Girls. You promise?
da
Stop this
Stop whining and hit me for real
Is it like father. like daughter?
You two are fucking resilient
Record it
Hurry
1.209
He's good
Shit
He's a dead man
You can't record him
without his manager's permission
He's the face of Legendary Fighter
This week's Legendary Fighter is
Dl. Lee Sang-hoon
Congratulations
He was selected as
this week's Legendary Fighter
He works as the PR manager
for CM Group
A successful white-collar
A wonderful family man
Interesting thing is
Mr. Lim and Mr. Lee
were classmates at Sadang High
Ladies and gentlemen
Are you excited?
Legenda legendelor
Mr. Lim Deok-kyu enters the ring
The crazed contestant of
Legendary Fighter. Mr. Lim Deok-kyu!
The contender came here to give dreams
to the 10 million white-collars
Mr. Lee Sang-hoon!
No headbutts.
soccer kicks. elbows
Lee Sang-hoon
I'm sick of this
Let's do this fast
Nu mai vorbi unul cu celalalt
This is a big game
The classmate match of Legendary Fighter
begins now
Cheer up
Lupta
Go around
and around
A middle kick like a bolt of lightning
- It's okay. Put your guard up
- Lee is incredible
Lim seems to have taken
a big hit in the abdomen
He seems impassive today
Lim doesn't look good today
He's wobbly when he throws a punch
He's not defending at all
Lupta
Put your guard up
Lee doesn't attack
Lim Deok-kyu doesn't seem
to have any will to attack either
You guys can't do this
Lupta
Take it slow
A front kick!
HEY
Another middle kick
He can't seem to get it together
Stop
That bout ends in vain
That was so unexpected
Lee Sang-hoon
A Knockout win
Lim Deok-kyu is through
- Winner
- This is shocking
Lee Sang-hoon becomes
the new Legendary Fighter
I think I can hear the 10 million
white-collars cheering for him
Let go of me
Soo-bin
When daddy was young.
he was a boxer
Then I used those boxing skills
to beat up things
and take money from people
I was a piece of trash
That's why I'm getting punished now
I've failed to protect you
It wouldn't make a difference
if I take revenge on those kids now
I just wanted to be a good dad
Later...
when I meet your mom
up there
I don't want to be ashamed
for failing to protect you
I'm sorry daddy is a loser
I'm sorry. Soo-bin
Daddy is a loser
You're awesome
Bun
da
This is Lee Sang-hoon from PR
- Hey. you came
- Da
Scoala-te
I told you
I can put up with anything
except for the labor union
getting in my way
Bet your position on it
If you got enough money.
then go sloppy as usual
I'll bet my life on it
Give them a pep rally
and fire all those union asses
Da domnule
Go away now
Give me back the watch
Good job
Is Deok-kyu okay?
A fost o lovitura directa
I think he's okay
But Deok-kyu is not the type
to get beat up like that
There must've been something
I wanted to see a real bout
Sang-hoon
How well do you think
you can fight?
How different are you
from high school?
Bring him in
I want to see your real fighting skills
If it's good.
I want to sponsor
that Legendary Fighter show
Thanks to you. we'll get
some good publicity
Lupta
Sta rt
You don't think you can win?
Should I not sponsor?
Mr. Son
Are we 18 years old?
Ce?
Is this something you should ask
a person who had a fist fight
on TV for the company?
SQ?
Jin-ho
What the fuck did you say?
Jin-ho?
Jin-ho!
Why did you stop
growing up after 18?
Do you want to get fired?
It's been too long
Let's end it here
I'm deeply indebted to you
Manger Lee
Lee Sang-hoon
Lee Sang-hoon!
Sang-hoon
Managerul Lee
That was a great show
okay' Hyun-joon
I got'! tu
I got you so listen to me
When you pick a school.
you need to evaluate the quality
such as how many graduates
make it to Harvard or Yale
Don't you worry about the tuition
What do I do the best?
What does daddy do the best?
I'm best at making money
Ask mom if there was a time
daddy didn't send money on time
So don't
So don't think about anything else
and simply study
Ask mom for anything
If you need more money. you tell me
Daddy can send you everything
You know I make good money
I'm the key person at work
You know?
Thanks. son
Now. you can tell me
what you really wanted to say in English
Ce faci?
I'm sitting
I told you so
Lee Sang-hoon is not making
enough buzz around the white-collars
Chief
I think this lukewarm response
of the viewers
Mr. Cho!
Match of Legends?
We ask people to vote online
for the best eight players
For the prize of $100.000.
an 8 player knock-out tournament
A contest to find the best
middle-aged fighter
Isn't it sexy?
Not for $100.000
De ce nu?
It's too little
Then for $200.000?
I'll take the $200.000
and raise live broadcast
When people dial in to vote.
we can also charge them money
Apel
If I may add one more.
these untamed fights
no longer draw attention
So we train them with
an intensive course
Jason owns a gym
We train all of them there
so they can fight like
the professional athletes
Bun
So you didn't get your title
by winning a poker game
You like my idea?
Okay
Legend Team
Let's all gather in the meeting room
da
Ms. Hong
Remember the guy who was
bluffing about National Intelligence?
Mr. Seo Kang-kuk?
That's him
He called me
De ce?
I got his old job back
Ce?
He wanted to thank me
for getting what he wants
and thank the show
$200.000 Prize
The Street Fighter. Shin Jae-seok
Fried Chicken Restaurant Owner
Yoo Tae-kyung
The Legendary Fighter
Former high school boxer
Legendary Lim Deok-kyu
White-collar Fighter Lee Sang-hoon
Unruly Fighter
Mr. Turtle. Choi Joong-man
WHO WILL
REMAIN
AS THE TRUE
LEGEND?
Don't I cook well?
You're about half as good as mom
Eat a lot
You too
That's your favorite
I had 7 pieces out of 8
You eat it
Since my cutie pie gave it to me.
I'll try it
It's yummy
Salut
I told you I won't go
Stop calling me
You made that tournament
without asking me
What can I possibly do now?
Match of Legends?
Da
There are many guys
who want to show off their strength
So bring them to the show
I'm not interested
Glumeati cu mine?
You told me never to
give up on a dream
What dream?
When you were boxing.
did you ever win a championship?
No. I haven't
Lim Soo-bin
Granny called. She told me
to make you go on the tournament
Eight
Kick with your weight into it
Sang-hoon. harder
It's too weak
Kick with your weight into it
Asta e
A knee kick
Hi. Deok-kyu
You came
Unu doi
Jab into it
Grab it by the neck
knee kick
A knee kick
Next is pounding
Pounding
You see the hands going up
Hold it and go for an arm bar
Game over
You okay?
Da. I'm fine
Asta e
Grab the neck
A knee kick
A take-down
Pounding
After pounding. hold the hand
and throw an arm bar
Are you okay?
No. I'm not okay
I'll go easy
bine
We should've had a drink
after taping the show that day
I don't want to drink with someone
who purposely lost the game
I'm sorry about that day
I didn't think much about it
If we really fought.
who would've won?
Nu atiu
You. me. and Shin Jae-seok
We might fight at the tournament
But I have to win this time
I have my reasons
Me too
Let's forget everything
when this is over
You haven't changed
You've always been the cool one
and I was the mean one
There's nothing cool or mean about it
We were all young
Young and stupid
You're still the cool one
You think this is your bedroom?
Which one is Son Jin-ho?
Sunt Shin Jae-seok
Shin Jae-seok
Come out
Wait in here for a bit
Yes. chief
Esti bine?
I was so worried about you
Please make sure your dad
doesn't worry too much about this
You're 18. What do you want
to do with your life?
You want to come in and out
of the prison?
Listen to me carefully
I'll introduce you to a person
who will save you from all
Or you can call your
parents to pick you up
and go in front of the judge later
I'll go with the first option
Go on
That's the good guy
I've told you about
Get in
Today. you become adults
In the world of adults.
you can't always win by working hard
A person who knows how to win. wins
We're trying to get every person
in this lot to sign the contract
And one guy is holding out
Do you how to win that?
You threaten him
At the end of the hallway
on the 3rd floor.
there's an office without a sign
There will be a guy sitting alone
Stab his stomach
two. three times and come back
If you bring back the knife.
there's no evidence
You saw my cop friend
Those cops won't come
near this area today
All my kids are dying to do this job
De ce?
Because they want to succeed
with one shot
But I want to give you guys
this opportunity
De ce?
Because I want to teach you
how to win
- Mulaumesc
- Hey
I'll wait here
Hurry and finish the job
You just lay low for a while
It's game over
Da domnule
Shin Jae-seok
Haide
Shit
Shin Jae-seok
This is so wrong
What is?
This is wrong
If you can't do it. then go
I'll do it alone
Deok-kyu
Don't go outside
HEY
Sang-hoon
Deok-kyu
We were duped
There's nobody here
Nobody's fucking waiting
Let's go tell Jae-seok
Forget it
He won't stab anyone
Let's fucking study
and go to college
Get hold of yourself. asshole
You get hold of yourself
You don't want to do it either
Why did you follow him?
Lee Sang-hoon
Lee Sang-hoon!
Please help me
Jae-seok
Deok-kyu
I'm scared
Sa mergem
Haide
Just run
Hurry
It's the 3rd floor
Get him
I'm Shin Jae-seok from
South Seoul High
You were here
What are you doing here
at this hour?
Deok-kyu
Can we go somewhere together?
Salut
Come this way
ancantat de cunoatinaa
I'm Ahn Yong-chul
You know Choi Joong-man.
Domnule Turtle
Jae-seok says we've met before
But I just don't remember
Have a seat
How long ago?
25 years ago?
da
Back then. I was involved
with organized crime
Now. I just run a normal business
This is my shop
My daughter is waiting
I have to get back soon
I see
Then let's make this short
Do you know sports betting sites?
I'm running one
ai?
Aren't you short tempered?
Listen closely
This Match of Legends
is up on our site
Naturally. I'm going to bet on
my kid Joong-man
You've seen the tournament chart
You're up against Joong-man
for the semi-final
And that's practically the final round
Comparing the skills or physique
my Joong-man will certainly win
I lied to the TV producers
but he's been preparing to become
a professional athlete for a long time
Mr. Lim?
Let's be honest
You need that $200.000
Here is $200.000
I don't need that
I'm not here to get
that petty money
So don't think too hard
You just need to hit few times
then let him win
Did you pay off the other 6 players?
Nu
I'm not that rich
Jae-seok and other 40-somethings
are just sidekicks
You admit that too
Right. Jae-seok?
Are you going to chase
after the uncertain prize money?
Or take my certain $200.000
Make your choice
Of all things.
think about your child
Are you going to make your daughter
sleep in a restaurant?
Domnule Lim
You're a father. all right
Deok-kyu
You made money. huh?
Noodle shop owner makes it big.
a $200.000 overnight
You got more to say?
You want some sort of fee
or something?
You've changed a lot
Guess no one can win against time
Mr. perfect Lim Deok-kyu
crumbles in front of money
What do you want from me?
Isn't this what you want?
Let go
We can fight at the tournament
Frankly. I thought you'd refuse
That's the Lim Deok-kyu I know
I can't ever do it.
but you can
Are you embarrassed?
Then I'll try to finish
what you couldn't
See you in the ring
You did good
You made money anyway
Nu ne-am vazut de mult
Ce mai fac copiii tai?
Sunt burlac
Nu arat ca un student?
Lim Soo-bin
You have to win
Is this your daughter?
Soo-bin. Say hello
They are my friends
Salut
Is she your real daughter?
It's a live TV so focus
Do you want to be the producer?
Maybe I should
Standby
They are your brothers and uncles
They are your fathers
Tonight's contestants are
regular people like you
The Match of Legends will begin now
Stop. stop!
A High Kick
Mr. Lee is incredible
There goes an arm bar
An arm bar
Stop. stop!
Game over
That technique
I taught him that myself
Final match of the first round
The front-runner
Mr. Turtle. Choi Joong-man
His opponent is the street fighter.
- Mr. Shin Jae-seok!
- The instructions
No headbutts.
soccer kicks. and elbows
Hei
Elbow
E.L.B.O.W
Spre colaurile tale
The match begins
A knee kick
Choi starts aggressive
from the beginning
Another knee kick
Look at that
Shin is putting up a pretty
good fight
Shin is having a hand-to-hand
combat with Choi
Choi throws in a choke
Shin is in danger
Let's end this
Let's end it
Come here
You come here
After Shin miraculously holds up
the first round.
he has a different style
for round 2
Aatepta
- Referee is stopping the bout
- A warning
Ce?
Lupta
This is my strategy
Avoiding by running away
That's right
- Purely with strength.
- Fight
Shin can't win against Choi
Shin knows that
so he uses his head
Now. Choi will take
a big physical toll
Choi thought this was going
to be an easy win
But he looks so exhausted
No one imagined this fight
would go to round 3
Lupta
Sunt Shin Jae-seok
A warning
Ce?
Cheer up. bastard
It's the guillotine choke
Mr. Turtle turns the game
around in matter of seconds
This is Choi's best technique
This one is hard to escape
Shin desperately tries to get out
He seems to be in a lot of pain
- Opreste opreste!
- A tap out. Game over
Choi. Mr. Turtle is the winner
The game went as expected
But Shin put up a good fight
Da. He lost. but his intelligent
play was superb
Ce faci?
I tried hard not to look so obvious
Go Lee Sang-hoon
Did you see?
He spent about
half of his strength on me
I know you'll lose
but I want you to know
Lee Sang-hoon vs. Yoo Tae-kyung
It's the first match of the semi-finals
Lee often uses kicks.
but he has yet to attack
Yoo learned mixed martial arts
as a hobby
He's cleverly using
his ground-fighting skills
Lee is holding up pretty well
but it's a tough fight
Pounding by Lee!
Yoo is trying everything
to get close to the ground
Closer he gets.
more damaging it is
Lee's middle kick hits
right on the spot
Lee's strike continues
He grabs the chance
Lee is bringing out
his best techniques
But Yoo counterattacks
Can he reverse the situation?
Yoo's attack continues with
Kimura attack
The situation has reversed
Lee is in dangerous situation
A knee bar
Lee seems to be in a lot of pain
Will the idol of 10 million white-collars
go down like this?
It's the triangle choke
Da. Lee gets in position
- A tap out
- Stop
- Lee Sang-hoon
- Bravo
Lee Sang hoon to the Finals
Mr. Park. I think Sang-hoon
went on the show for the money
Raise $100.000 to his salary
and bring him back right away
Da domnule
I feel so lonely these days
- Cheers
Lee Sang-hoon.
the idol of white-collars
He didn't let the 10 million
white-collars down
He made it to the finals
I think Lee was injured
Mr. Lee. are you okay?
Where does it hurt the most?
Is it your leg?
Your knee?
sunt bine
Are you going to make it
to the finals?
I'm fine
That's good
Between Choi and Lim.
who would you like to fight
at the finals?
It doesn't matter
Is it because you're confident
that you'll win?
da
I'm here to win
- He's so cool
Lee Sang-hoon
- That was
- He's a man
- Lee Sang-hoon
Mr. Lee
- We need paramedics
- Step back
Mr. Lee
Ce s-a antamplat?
Take emergency measures
He needs to go to the finals
Shouldn't you go see a doctor?
It's okay
I'm all right
You want to fight with
a body like this?
You want me to give up?
$200.000 must be a lot of money
Nu este vorba despre bani
I want to fight fair and square
till the end
Sang-hoon. you're awesome
You're different from someone
You know the Turtle
will go to the finals
If you go up against like that.
you could die
He won't let you get off easily
Second match of the semi-finals
The highlight of tonight's tournament
With a face of the Grim Reaper
Cel mai bun dintre cei mai buni
The Turtle
Mr. Choi Joong-man
Domnule Lim
You need to go up
Yes. Sang-hoon
You can't fight the Turtle
in this condition
Give up and go to the hospital
Why do you only think
the Turtle will win. bastards?
Deok-kyu. don't you have
any self-confidence?
Are you that scared of the Turtle?
Scared?
Domnule Lim
Hurry
Jae-seok
This is an exciting match
The Grim Reaper
vs. the Devil himself
Two best fighters of
Luptator luptator
It might end as soon as it starts
so stay alert
I bet on Mr. Turtle
Round 1 begins
Lupta
They're engaging in
reconnaissance
During the first round.
he used a lot of his strength
But Choi still seems relaxed
Hit me
Choi is provoking Lim
Lim should not play into
Choi's scheme
A left high kick
Choi pushes Lim back with punches
A strong take-down
And a choke
Lim is in dangerous situation
Aren't Choi's ground skills superb?
It won't be easy to
get out of that hold
Is the bout going to end like this?
Lim fights back with all his might
He is holding up
as much as he can
But Choi is just too powerful
He's out
He got out of the choke hold
But Choi doesn't give him
any time to rest
Un carlig stang
Unu doi
A punch in the abdomen
Continues with a stream of punches
One more take-down
An arm bar
Choi is displaying
superhuman strength
Lim seems to be in pain
Oh m)'
He is holding up again
with all his might
- End of round 1
- Stop. stop
- Lim escapes from the danger
- Release him
Choi shows lack of sportsmanship
He did that last time
and lost by disqualification
- That bastard
- Jae-seok
Are you okay?
It's fun
She must be his real daughter
Now. two contestants are getting
too emotional
It is so different from when they were
fighting for $20.000
$20.000 and $200.000
are very different
Do you think they are fighting
hard for the prize money?
They're not?
Martial arts athletes bet their souls
in the ring
Lupta
O lovitura joasa
Lim's movement seems better
Another low kick
It's the guillotine choke
Lim seems to be suffering
Shin went down for this technique
during the first round
He cannot escape from that
It's cutting off air completely
He's in pain
What are you doing. Deok-kyu?
Hit him on the side
Right there
It's open
Hit him
Jae-seok
Opreste-l
Ce?
Leave it on
My dad won't lose
He can't
- He gets out. Domnule Lim Deok-kyu
- That's it
- Okay. That's good
- Bine
da
Da. It's a miracle to escape
from a choke twice
Choi probably thought
he finished the bout
Choi seems to have taken
a big blow in the abdomen
End of Round 2
The two contestants are
showing a true fighting spirit
We expected no worthy
opponent for Choi
But the bout is going
into the final round
Lim throws a superman punch
Un carlig stang
Din nou
Jos!
Lim throws powerful punches
Doing good
You have to thank me for that
Lim is waiting for Choi to get up
as he did during the first show
I think he wants to go back to
the 18 year old boxer at this moment
You're wonderful
Domnule Lim Deok-kyu
Choi gets up again
Punches to the stomach
Down again
Lupta
Finish it
Go in
Scoala-te
Un carlig stang
Choi is down for the third time
Lim's blows are hitting accurately
right on the mark
Scoala-te
Go Lim Deok-kyu
Deok-kyu told me to return this
Scoala-te
Hei
You promised to let me win
Cand?
A backdrop suplex
Choi reverses the situation
with one backdrop suplex
Mr. Turtle is still alive
Look at that pounding
It's ruthless
Lim seems to have
taken a big damage
- Stop. stop
- Referee stops
Lim wins the bloody battle
He's great
- He's amazing
- Winner
This is amazing
It was the best bout ever
Lim Deok-kyu to the finals!
Isn't your dad awesome?
Go. Lim Deok-kyu!
I was tipped off that someone
is trying to rig the game
Do you know anything about that?
Nu. domnule
Oh. chiar aaa?
Uita-te la asta
Look at the ratings
Get me new graphics quickly
Friendship or money?
Two high school classmates
Lee vs. Lim
Their ill-fated finals
Okay?
Mr. Lim. You're great
Felicitari
How do you feel right now?
Now the dramatic finals
of the two classmates has come
For the $200.000.
you will have to win
Do you feel disturbed?
How will you fight the finals?
am terminat
I don't want to fight anymore
What?
Why should two friends fight?
Mr. Lim Deok-kyu!
Get Lim Deok-kyu
bine
Va rog
What is he doing?
Emcee. talk about something.
buy time
Mr. Lim just displayed
an unpredictable behavior
I think he's still excited
from the earlier match
No. Go follow him for an interview
or bring him back
But he can't give up like this
He can't be so irresponsible
in front of all the audiences
I'll go meet Mr. Lim
and try to convince him
Move. Jason
Please respect the noble decision
of an martial arts athlete
What are you talking about?
Move. Jason
An arm bar
Game over
What are you doing. Jason?
Domnule Lim
Please wait
Domnule Lim Deok-kyu
You can't do this
This is a live show
You're about to stop
a live broadcast
You have to keep your
promise with the viewers
Dad
Soo-bin
Why did you change your clothes?
You told me to go see a doctor
You don't want to fight either?
Why do you always have
to be the cool one?
Let me be the cool one today
Wait up
I'll go with you
- Deok-kyu
- What are you two doing?
You think you two run this show
But I created this show
I bet $200.000
So you go back in that chicken coop
and fight or chew each other
And take your $200.000
Ms. Hong
Come and eat noodles
candva
Mr. Lim. Is it so important
to act like a man?
When $200.000 is about to
slip through your fingers?
Ms. Hong
Ce?
Is it a big deal to stop a live show?
Desigur
They'll fire me for good
You don't have to
stop broadcasting the show
Every sports has something called
win by withdrawal
Do you need two chickens
in that cage?
I'll go in alone
and receive my $200.000
I'll smile for the camera
Prepare the caption
Lim Deok-kyu chooses friendship
Lee Sang-hoon chooses money
- Yes. ma'am
- And
Put a trailer up for Legendary Fighter 2:
The Women Fighters
bine
You're lucky
to have a good friend
You're getting $200.000
without a fight
I'm going to split it with Deok-kyu
That's a promise
That's some flexibility you got there
I've worked at an office for 17 years
It was a fierce tournament
The winner. Lee Sang-hoon
is entering the stadium
Daddy
Ce este?
I've decided to go back to school
You're not going to transfer?
Da. I'm going to go
face-to-face like you
What if they bully you even more?
You told me to stab
cu un stilou
That's not good
I'm joking
I'm going to forget about it all
and talk to them first
I have to fight it out
Something will turn up
If it gets too hard.
I'll tell you
Mulaumiri
Sa mergem
But Mr. Lim Deok-kyu is still
not a champion
I know
But this is enough
Champion Lim Deok-kyu!
A KANG WOO-SUK FILM